gh-116023: Add `show_empty=False` to `ast.dump` (#116037)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ast.rst

   .. doctest::

        >>> print(ast.dump(
        ...     ast.parse('[x for x in numbers]', mode='eval'),

>         ...     indent=4, show_empty=True,

Reviewer: What is the logic behind which docs (doctests) here use `show_empty=True` and which don't?

I would expect none of them to use it, except for maybe one example demonstrating `show_empty=True` itself, where we document the argument.

Author: Hm, indeed. But, I think that we do the opposite. Since this is the place where every node is documented, we need to show all properties of all nodes. It would be strange to hide them here. And `show_empty=True` will also be shown.

Author: Yeah, I've tried my suggestion and didn't like it. Now I agree with you, all should be minimized.

   indents that many spaces per level.  If *indent* is a string (such as ``"\t"``),
   that string is used to indent each level.

>    If *show_empty* is ``False``, then empty lists and fields that are ``None``
>    will be omitted from the output for better readability.

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't notice this the first time, but two nits here:

1) I think we can omit "for better readability" -- it's kind of obvious, and the job of the docs here is to explain what happens, not opine on why it's a good behavior.

2) This sentence reads a bit as if the default is `True`. It should either clarify that `False` is the default, or read the other way around (explain what happens if the flag is `True`).

```suggestion
   If *show_empty* is ``False`` (the default), empty lists and fields that are ``None``
   will be omitted from the output.
```

   indents that many spaces per level.  If *indent* is a string (such as ``"\t"``),
   that string is used to indent each level.

>    If *show_empty* is ``False``, then empty lists, fields that are ``None``,
>    and empty strings will be omitted from the output for better readability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If *show_empty* is ``False``, then empty lists and fields that are ``None``
   will be omitted from the output for better readability.
```

>    and empty strings will be ommitted from the output for better readability.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   and empty strings will be omitted from the output for better readability.
```
